Take an embarrassing selfie and post it as your profile picture.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Go next door with a measuring cup and ask for a cup of sugar.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose, and leave it there for five minutes.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can hear you.
Call your crush.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Talk to a pillow like it’s your crush.
Pretend you’re a bird and eat cereal off the floor using only your mouth.
Make out with your hand.
Let someone else style your hair and keep it that way for the rest of the day.
Use a brush like you’re talking into a microphone each time you speak.
Color one of your front teeth black. (Eyeliner works!)
Pick your friend’s nose.
Fake cry.
Make repulsive sounds while eating and drinking.
Cross your eyes when talking.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Act like an animal of the group’s choosing.
Get into a debate with a wall.
Squirt your face with a squirt gun continuously while talking.
See how many grapes you can stuff in your mouth.
Hiccup in between each word.
Burp the alphabet.
Draw on your face with permanent marker.
Dip your sock-covered feet in the toilet, and don't dry them off for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under them, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Eat a raw egg.
Let the group choose three random things from the refrigerator and mix them together. Then you have to eat the mixture.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Go on Facebook Live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Call a 7-Eleven and ask if they’re open.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “Nooooo! I was adopted!”
Go outside in the driveway and do the disco without music.
Call a car part store and tell them that you need a part for your Model T.
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online.
Sniff everyone’s feet and rank them in order of freshest to stinkiest.
Call a NY-style pizza place and ask them what the difference is between NY pizza and “real” pizza.
Open your front door and loudly sing “Hallelujah!”
Go outside and pretend you're cutting the grass with an invisible mower.
Call a pizza place and ask if they use cruelty-free wheat in their dough.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a girlfriend in a very panicked voice.
Wear your underwear over your pants for the rest of the game.
Call the library and ask if they carry a dictionary that translates British to American.
reply a Snapchat of you pretending to cry because you just found out you were adopted.
Go on Facebook and write "How do you spell "facebook"?" as your status.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Go outside and try to summon the rain.
Sing the "Star-Spangled Banner" in a British accent.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Call a random number, and when someone picks up, immediately start singing the national anthem.
Call Target and ask them if they deliver popcorn.
Call McDonald's and ask if they sell Whoppers.
Call a pizza shop and ask if you can return a pizza.
Call a car dealership and ask if they have any horse buggies in stock.
Change your relationship status on Facebook to "it's complicated."
Call Macy's and tell them you're interested in buying them.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Call a random number and sing "Happy Birthday."
Call a Chinese restaurant and ask if they have sushi.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Fill your mouth with water, and each person in the group must tell the funniest joke they know. If you spit up the water, you have to eat a spoonful of dirt.
Tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Suck your big toe.
Eat a mouthful of raw pasta.
Dump a bunch of LEGOs on the floor and walk over them with your bare feet.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Go outside and hug a mailbox until at least three passersby have seen you.
Only speak in rhymes for the rest of the game.
Soak a shirt in water, put it in the fridge for 20 minutes, and then wear it.
Trade clothes with the person next to you.
Make a silly face and keep it that way until the next round.
Kneel for an hour.
Let someone wax your back.
Drink water straight from a running faucet for a whole minute.
For the rest of the game, do not say "I."
Make up a rap about koalas.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
Run around outside yelling, “I have lice!”
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and Like every post on their wall going back a full year.
Pick the nose of the person next to you.
Lick a car tire.
Lick the bottom of your shoe.
Jump into a dumpster.
Take a plate of leftovers over to your neighbor, knock on their door, and say, "Welcome to the neighborhood" as if you've never met them before.
Text someone “hey.” Every time they respond, say “hey.” Do this 10 times. For the 11th time, reply with “hi.”
Dip your finger in the toilet, and then kiss that finger.
Make a hand puppet by drawing a face on your hand, and use your hand to say what you want to say.
Let everyone look through your search history for two minutes.
Coat your hands in food coloring and don’t wash them off for 10 minutes.
Skype/FaceTime someone and pick your nose during the conversation.
Remove your underwear and throw it in the garbage.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone's toe.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Cry like a baby for one full minute.
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Give yourself a 10-second manicure. Every nail must be painted.
Brush the teeth of the person sitting next to you.
Text your crush and tell them you love them.
Call a random number and try to flirt with the person who picks up.
Stuff ice inside your bra and leave it there for 60 seconds.
Let everyone rummage through your purse.
Post a really long and serious Facebook status confessing your love for chocolate.
Take your bra off under your shirt and don't put it back on until the end of the game.
Do 10 push-ups.
Run around the house with a pair of underwear on your head.
Use three items in the fridge as lotion.
Let the person to your left do your makeup.
Call a guy of the group's choosing and tell him he's the ugliest person you've ever met.
Lick a doorknob.
Be blindfolded for the rest of the game.
Let each person in the group crack an egg on your head.
Sing everything you say for the rest of the game.
Twerk to an NSYNC song.
Dip a toothbrush into the toilet water and brush your teeth with it.
Let people throw food at you.
Rub mayonnaise in your hair and leave it on for the rest of the game.
Blindfold someone and have them kiss three objects.
Get on your knees and walk like that until the end of the game.
Silently do the macarena.
Give yourself a permanent marker mustache.
Shave one of your arms.
Hold your nose while talking.
Give everyone in the room a hug.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
Go outside and hug a tree.
Sing the “I Love You” Barney song.
Eat an ant.
Attempt to breakdance.
Do the worm.
Have a full conversation with yourself in a mirror.
Put your shoes on the wrong feet and keep them there.
Do a hula dance.
Lick the wall.
Sing like an opera singer.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
For the next 15 minutes, only speak in baby talk.
Put hot sauce on ice cream and eat it.
Admit on Facebook that you still wear a training bra.
Let someone in the group cut a piece of your hair.
Do 50 sit-ups.
Call Walmart and ask if they do makeovers for prom.
Call a tattoo shop and ask if they can tattoo 30 teardrops on your face.
Run down the street with a wet T-shirt on.
Move across the floor using only your hands.
Film a makeup tutorial and post it to Facebook.
Tweet or update your Facebook status to "I think eggplants are sexy."
Draw a tattoo with marker on your bicep.
Give yourself a mohawk.
Shave off all the hair on one leg.
Put all of your clothes on backward.
Hold hands with the person next to you.
reply a romantic text message to a girl of the group's choosing.
Wear lipstick for the rest of the game.
Eat 10 Oreo cookies that are filled with mayo.
Pluck a single nose hair.
Eat a spoonful of wasabi.
Exchange shirts with the player to your right.
Lick peanut butter off of someone's armpit.
Kiss the person to your right on the back of their neck.
Eat a handful of uncooked rice.
Call a random guy and flirt with him in a girly voice.
Lick the toilet seat.
Tie your shirt up to expose your midriff and twerk.
Take a picture of yourself next to a bra and post it on Instagram.
Write on Facebook: "I'm a size 36 C."
Color your teeth with lipstick.
Wear women's clothing and walk down the street. Then, take a selfie and post it to your social media accounts.
Knock on your neighbor's door and ask if they have a spare condom.
Wet your socks and freeze them.
Post something embarrassing on Facebook for one minute, then delete it.
Walk like a crab for the rest of the game.
Cover your whole face in blush.
Eat a spoonful of sugar and act like you're really hyper.
Call a random girl from your class and tell her you want to break up.
Drink a soda and belch as loudly as possible.
Mix orange juice and milk and drink it.
Trim all of your toenails by biting them.
Put on mascara.
Snapchat a picture of your elbow and caption it: "My favorite part of my body."
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce without drinking anything after.
Tape your mouth shut.
Read two paragraphs from a book of someone’s choice.
Take embarrassing pictures and Snapchat them to people.
Use your feet as your hands, picking up anything you need with your toes.
Lick a dog or cat treat and pretend to thoroughly enjoy it.
Lay on the floor and act like a piece of frying bacon.
Stick your bare foot in the toilet for a minute.
Chug a cup of milk.
Make fart noises with your armpit.
Crack an egg over your head.
Smear peanut butter all over your face for a 30-minute facial.
Hop on one foot wherever you have to go.
Do 20 push-ups.
Make yourself a diaper out of a dishtowel and wear it outside your clothes.
Make a hat out of foil and wear it.
Build a pillow fort and sit in it.
Make a mask on your face using wet toilet paper.
Talk like a robot.
Act like Elvis.
Let the person next to you wax you wherever they want.
Sniff another player’s armpit for 10 seconds.
Give your phone to another player to reply a text message to their contact of choice.
Let the other players go through your phone for a minute.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
One by one, make up a title for each player's movie about their life.
Let your friends pose you and stay like that until the next round.
Let each player choose one word, then attempt to form a sentence with them and post it to Facebook.
Empty your purse, backpack, or wallet, and let everyone see what you have.
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.
Whoever's name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.
Be blindfolded and let someone feed you something.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can, and you have to lick it.
Go to the bathroom. The person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Trade socks with the person to your right.
Have the person to your right do 10 squats while you lie underneath them.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the rest of the game.
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Take the socks off the feet of the person across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Serenade the person next to you.
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.
Let the person across from you give you a wedgie.
Eat a single spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . . " Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
You’re in school, and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time-out on someone’s lap.
Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch, wherever you touch them.
Take a naked selfie and reply it to your partner.
Take your bra off under your shirt and toss it out the window.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minute while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterward, but without knowing their identity.
You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.
Do your best sexy crawl.