Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
We should play with legos at camp.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn't one of those days.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
The wooden spoon couldn't cut but left emotional scars.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Instead of a bachelorette party
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.