Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked. If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?
Betty Botter bought some butter. But she said the butter's bitter. If I put it in my batter, it will make my batter bitter. But a bit of better butter will make my batter better. So ‘twas better Betty Botter bought a bit of better butter
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? He would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood. As a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood
She sells seashells by the seashore
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream
I saw Susie sitting in a shoeshine shop
Susie works in a shoeshine shop. Where she shines she sits, and where she sits she shines
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
I have got a date at a quarter to eight; I'll see you at the gate, so don't be late
You know New York, you need New York, you know you need unique New York
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
I thought I thought of thinking of thanking you
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch
Near an ear, a nearer ear, a nearly eerie ear
Eddie edited it
Willie's really weary
A big black bear sat on a big black rug
Tom threw Tim three thumbtacks
He threw three free throws
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely
So, this is the sushi chef
Four fine fresh fish for you
Wayne went to wales to watch walruses
Six sticky skeletons (x3)
Which witch is which? (x3)
Red Buick, blue Buick (x3)
Red lorry, yellow lorry (x3)
Thin sticks, thick bricks (x3)
Stupid superstition (x3)
Eleven benevolent elephants (x3)
Two tried and true tridents (x3)
Rolling red wagons (x3)
Black back bat (x3)
She sees cheese (x3)
Truly rural (x3)
Good blood, bad blood (x3)
Pre-shrunk silk shirts (x3)
Ed had edited it. (x3)
We surely shall see the sun shine soon
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
Fred fed Ted bread, and Ted fed Fred bread
I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk, but the stump thunk the skunk stunk
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better
Of all the vids I've ever viewed, I've never viewed a vid as valued as Alex's engVid vid
Sheena leads, Sheila needs.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
Top chopstick shops stock top chopsticks.
Selfish shellfish. (Repeat many times)
No need to light a night-light on a light night like tonight.
Thirty-three thousand feathers on a thrushes throat.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Linda-Lou Lambert loves lemon lollipop lipgloss.
Near an ear, a nearer ear, a nearly eerie ear.
Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.
He threw three free throws.
A happy hippo hopped and hiccupped.
Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat. (Repeat many times)
A synonym for cinnamon is a cinnamon synonym.
One-one was a race horse. Two-two was one too. One-one won one race. Two-two won one too. 
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.
Any noise annoys an oyster but a noisy noise annoys an oyster more.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Which wrist watches are Swiss wrist watches?
Fred fed Ted bread and Ted fed Fred bread.
The 33 thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
Each Easter Eddie eats eighty Easter eggs.
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better. 
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk, but the stump thunk the skunk stunk.
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
cissors sizzle, thistles sizzle.
Send toast to ten tense stout saints' ten tall tents.
I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit.
Betty's big bunny bobbled by the blueberry bush.
Four furious friends fought for the phone.
Imagine an imaginary menagerie manager managing an imaginary menagerie.
Gobbling gargoyles gobbled gobbling goblins.
Many an anemone sees an enemy anemone.
If you notice this notice, you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing.
An ape hates grape cakes.
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen.
How many yaks could a yak pack, pack if a yak pack could pack yaks?
Smelly shoes and socks shock sisters.
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut-Butter, 'tis the peanut-butter picky people pick.
Elizabeth has eleven elves in her elm tree.
Little Lillian lets lazy lizards lie along the lily pads.
A shapeless sash sags slowly.
“Surely Sylvia swims!” shrieked Sammy surprised. “Someone should show Sylvia some strokes so she shall not sink.”
Brisk brave brigadiers brandished broad bright blades, blunderbusses, and bludgeons—balancing them badly.
She stood on the balcony, inexplicably mimicking him hiccuping, and amicably welcoming him in.
Susie works in a shoeshine shop. Where she shines she sits, and where she sits she shines.
If you must cross a course cross cow across a crowded cow crossing, cross the cross coarse cow across the crowded cow crossing carefully.
I thought a thought. But the thought I thought wasn't the thought I thought I thought. If the thought I thought I thought had been the thought I thought, I wouldn't have thought I thought.
If practice makes perfect and perfect needs practice, I'm perfectly practiced and practically perfect.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!
She sells seashells by the seashore.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. How many pickled peppers did Peter Piper pick?
Pad kid poured curd pulled cod.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't very fuzzy, was he?
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? He would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood as a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood.